# doc_05: 2502.11133v1 / part 1

Source file: 2502.11133v1.pdf

[Page 1]
MasRouter: Learning to Route LLMs for Multi-Agent Systems
Yanwei Yue⋆†Guibin Zhang⋆†Boyang Liu⋆†Guancheng Wan♣
Kun Wang♠Dawei Cheng⋆Yiyan Qi♦
⋆Tongji University♣Wuhan University♠Nanyang Technological University♦IDEA
/envel⌢pePrimary Contact: edwinmars77@gmail.com
Abstract
Multi-agent systems (MAS) powered by Large
Language Models (LLMs) have been demon-
strated to push the boundaries of LLM capa-
bilities, yet they often incur significant costs
and face challenges in dynamic LLM selec-
tion. Current LLM routing methods effectively
reduce overhead in single-agent scenarios by
customizing LLM selection for each query, but
they overlook the critical decisions regarding
collaboration modes and agent roles in MAS.
In response to this challenge, we first introduce
the problem of Multi-Agent System Routing
(MASR) , which integrates all components of
MAS into a unified routing framework. To-
ward this goal, we propose MasRouter , the
first high-performing, cost-effective, and in-
ductive MASR solution. MasRouter employs
collaboration mode determination, role allo-
cation, and LLM routing through a cascaded
controller network, progressively constructing
a MAS that balances effectiveness and effi-
ciency. Extensive experiments demonstrate that
MasRouter is(1) high-performing , achieving
a1.8% ∼8.2% improvement over the state-
of-the-art method on MBPP; (2) economical ,
reducing overhead by up to 52.07% compared
to SOTA methods on HumanEval; and (3) plug-
and-play , seamlessly integrating with main-
stream MAS frameworks, reducing overhead
by17.21% ∼28.17% via customized rout-
ing. The code is available at https://github.
com/yanweiyue/masrouter .
1 Introduction
Recent advances in Large Language Model (LLM)
based agents (Park et al., 2023; Yao et al., 2023;
Richards and et al., 2023) have demonstrated re-
markable success across various tasks, including
code generation (Wu et al., 2023; Guo et al., 2024),
mathematical reasoning (Swan et al., 2023; Yu
et al., 2024), and embodied actions (Wang et al.,
†These authors contributed equally.
Single Agent Routing Multi Agent Routing
🤔 Query🤔 Query
Collaboration
Determiner Role
Allocator LLM 
Router
Star
ManagerProgrammer
Physicist Scientist🖥 
🧮
No one can do
everything! 
I need help!
 But everyone can do something! LLM Router
Programmer
Manager
Scientist PhysicistFigure 1: Paradigm comparison between single-agent
routing and multi-agent routing.
2023). Building on the impressive capabilities of
single agents, the LLM-based Multi-Agent Sys-
tem (MAS) has been proposed (Park et al., 2023;
Du et al., 2023; Hong et al., 2023) to harness the
collective intelligence and specialized expertise of
multiple agents. As the pool of available LLMs
continues to grow (Chang et al., 2023; Minaee
et al., 2024), how to select the appropriate LLM to
power single agents or MAS has increasingly cap-
tured the attention of the research community (Hu
et al., 2024a; akota et al., 2024). One might assume
that, disregarding cost, choosing the largest LLM
would always yield the best performance. How-
ever, larger LLMs have been shown to not always
outperform their smaller counterparts (Abdin et al.,
2024; Lepagnol et al., 2024; Shen et al., 2024). At
times, smaller LLMs can achieve superior perfor-
mance at a lower computational cost. Given this
context, how to dynamically route the most appro-
priate LLM to empower an agent in a query-aware
manner emerges as a highly compelling problem.
To address this, LLM routing is proposed to intel-
ligently assign the optimal LLM for each query (Hu
et al., 2024a; Srivatsa et al., 2024). Early attempts
employ a router, typically based on encoder models
like BERT (Devlin et al., 2019), to make a binary
decision on whether to select a larger LLM (Chen
et al., 2023a; Ding et al., 2024; Ong et al., 2024).
More recent practices construct a router to assess
1arXiv:2502.11133v1 [cs.LG] 16 Feb 2025

[Page 2]
the performance and cost of multiple LLMs, sub-
sequently selecting the model that optimizes the
trade-off between exploration and exploitation (Dai
et al., 2024; Mohammadshahi et al., 2024; Feng
et al., 2024). Although existing LLM routing meth-
ods (Hu et al., 2024a; Stripelis et al., 2024) have
been proven effective in directing the most ap-
propriate LLM for input queries, they are limited
to single-agent scenarios (Wei et al., 2022; Shinn
et al., 2023; Reworkd, 2023) yet not ready for MAS.
However, we argue that the availability of a routing
method for MAS is even more essential. On the
performance perspective, multi-agent systems have
been proven to outperform single-agent approaches
significantly (Chen et al., 2023b; Pina et al., 2023).
On the cost perspective, though impressive in per-
formance, existing multi-agent pipelines inherently
introduce substantial token overhead and increased
economic costs (Zhuge et al., 2024), which further
necessitates the use of routing to mitigate overhead.
In this context, there is a critical need to address
this gap: How can we effectively route LLMs for
MAS to balance performance and costs?
A seemingly intuitive solution is to directly trans-
fer single-agent LLM routing methods to MAS.
However, MAS needs to select the appropriate
agent collaboration modes (Du et al., 2023; Zhang
et al., 2024c) for different tasks and establish a rea-
sonable division of labor (Hong et al., 2023; Zhang
et al., 2023), which previous routing methods fail
to achieve. For example, for software development
tasks, an ideal MAS routing method could design a
hierarchical workflow with sequential steps such as
requirements analysis, algorithm design, code de-
velopment, and testing, each requiring correspond-
ing role profiles (Ramin et al., 2020; Zingg et al.,
2023). Against this backdrop, we argue that rout-
ing in MAS involves more tasks than just LLM
recommendations: ❶Collaboration Mode De-
termination: Choosing the optimal communica-
tion mechanisms ( e.g. , Chain (Qian et al., 2023),
Tree (Ishibashi and Nishimura, 2024), Graph (Hao
et al., 2023)) for varying task complexities. This in-
volves identifying the most efficient and adaptable
multi-agent topology (Zhuge et al., 2024; Zhang
et al., 2024a) that minimizes overhead while en-
suring flexibility and scalability in more complex
scenarios. ❷Dynamic Agent Number: Determin-
ing the number of expert agents required (Huang
et al., 2024; Aghdam et al., 2024) based on the
difficulty of the input. ❸Agent Role Allocation:
Selecting suitable role to the agent according tothe query domain (Chen et al., 2023b; Feng et al.,
2024) to ensure efficient task division, creating a
system greater than the sum of its parts (Shang
et al., 2024). ❹Agent LLM Routing: Assigning
each agent the appropriate LLM based on the col-
laborative topology and the role of each LLM (Feng
et al., 2024).
In light of the scrutinizing challenges, we for
the first time introduce the concept of LLM-based
::Multi-::Agent:System::Routing (MASR):
Multi-Agent Systems Routing (MASR): Given
a pool of available LLMs, collaborative com-
munication modes, and possible agent roles, an
optimal MAS Router for any query qshould: (1)
identify appropriate multi-agent collaboration
modes, (2) allocate agent roles efficiently, and
(3) assign the appropriate LLM to each agent,
thereby balancing performance and cost.
The formal definition of MASR is provided in
Section 3. To construct a router that ideally adheres
to the MASR principles, we propose an effective,
token-economical, and inductive LLM-powered
::Multi-:Agent:System::::::Router , termed MasRouter .
Technically, MasRouter integrates collaboration
mode determiner, agent role allocator, and agent
LLM router into a unified routing framework: ❶
Collaboration determiner employs a variational
latent variable model to route the user query to a
suitable collaboration module; ❷Role allocator
progressively generates agent roles through a struc-
tured probabilistic cascade; ❸LLM router models
the LLM backbone recommendation for each agent
as a multinomial distribution problem. Ultimately,
MasRouter constructs a MAS that simultaneously
balances effectiveness and efficiency .
Our contributions can be summarized as follows:
•Problem Definition. We for the first time
formally define Multi-Agent System Routing
(MASR), which specifies the requirements for
MAS routing: assigning the appropriate collab-
oration mode, agent roles, and LLMs to each
query, thereby improving response quality and
reducing unnecessary overhead.
•Practical Solution. We propose MasRouter ,
a modular MASR solution that utilizes a cas-
caded controller network to construct a high-
performing and resource-efficient MAS progres-
sively. Besides, MasRouter can seamlessly inte-
grate with mainstream MAS to achieve efficient
routing with significantly lower inference cost.
•Experimental Validation. Extensive experiments
2

[Page 3]
across five benchmarks show that MasRouter is:
(I) high-performing , surpassing RouterDC, the
state-of-the-art routing method, by 3.51% on av-
erage; (II) economical , reducing the overhead on
HumanEval from 0.363$ to0.185$ ;(III) induc-
tive and plug-and-play , generalizing to unseen
LLM backbones and collaboration modes and
seamlessly combining with mainstream multi-
agent systems with 17% ∼28% ↓fewer cost.
2 Related Work
Multi-Agent System. Contemporary LLM-
based multi-agent systems (MAS) can be broadly
categorized into two paradigms: (1) Fixed agentic
networks with pre-established, manually crafted
architectures, from debate (Chan et al., 2023;
Liang et al., 2023), collaboration (Yin et al., 2023;
Wang et al., 2024) to competetive (Zhao et al.,
2023). MacNet (Qian et al., 2024) systemati-
cally analyzed typical multi-agent collaboration
topologies such as chain, tree, graph, etc. ;(2)
Dynamic agentic networks that configure their
structure and communication strategies based on
real-time feedback and observations. ADAS (Hu
et al., 2024b) and its follow-up works (Zhang
et al., 2024c; Shang et al., 2024) leverage search
methods such as Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS)
and evolutionary algorithm (Zhang et al., 2025) to
discover effective agent strategies. Other works
like DyLAN (Liu et al., 2023), GPTSwarm (Zhuge
et al., 2024) and AgentPrune (Zhang et al.,
2024a) dynamically optimize the inter-agent
topologies. Nevertheless, contemporary MAS is
often LLM-homogeneous, i.e., relying exclusively
on the same LLM backbone, failing to collectively
organize heterogenous LLM-agents.
Single LLM Routing Efficient routing strategies
for single LLMs have been extensively explored
to balance computational cost and model perfor-
mance. Early attempts on LLM routing include
HybridLLM (Ding et al., 2024), RouteLLM (Ong
et al., 2024) and FrugalGPT (Chen et al., 2023a),
which primarily focus on binary routing and
leverage techniques like sequential pipelines or
preference-driven routing to enhance decision-
making performance. More recent practices, in-
cluding Rootoo (Dai et al., 2024), C2MAB-V (Mo-
hammadshahi et al., 2024), GraphRouter (Feng
et al., 2024) and RouterDC (Chen et al., 2024) have
shifted towards multi-choice selection frameworks.
However, existing routing methodologies mainlyfocus on single-agent scenarios, and their unaware-
ness of inter-agent topology constrains their appli-
cability to more complex tasks and limits scalabil-
ity in larger systems.
3 Formalization
In this section, we formalize our proposed LLM-
based Multi-Agent System Routing (MASR) and
introduce its optimization objectives.
3.1 Notation Establishment
Search Space. We first define the search space
of a multi-agent system as S= (M,R,T), where
M denotes the pool of Nmavailable LLM back-
bones, Rrepresents the set of Nrpredefined agent
roles ( e.g. , analyst, programmer, and tester), and
Tdenotes the set of Ntcollaboration modes, in-
cluding structures like Chain, Tree, LLM-Debate,
etc. Within the search space, a multi-agent system
instance is defined as follows:
Definition 1 (Multi-Agent System) The MAS S
combines several specific LLM-powered agents
with distinct identities, working together collab-
oratively:
S={{M i}k
i=1,{R i}k
i=1,T },
M i∈M,Ri∈R,T ∈ T,(1)
where M corresponds to the selected LLM back-
bones and, similarly, Rand Trepresent the cho-
sen role and collaboration mode respectively. k
denotes the number of the LLM agents.
3.2 Definition of MASR
Based on the MAS defined above, we formalize
Multi-Agent Systems Routing (MASR):
Definition 2 (MASR) MASR can be represented
by the mapping function f, which maps from S=
(M,R,T)to a MAS Stailored for the query Q:
f:M×R×T− → S ,
π(S) = Pn
{M i}k
i=1,{R i}k
i=1,To
| Q
,
M i∈M,Ri∈R,T ∈ T, S⊂S(2)
where π(S)represents the probability of selecting
multi-agent system S, conditioned on Q.
Optimization Objective. Given a benchmark D
consisting of multiple queries Qand corresponding
oracle answers a, the ideal MASR aims to optimize
3

[Page 4]
Collaboration Modes Agent Routing Optimize
Query-specific
 Collab representation
SC Ensemble Macnet(Chain) Star LLM Debate
Module EncoderCollaboration Assignment
Sentence Bert;
MiniLM; ...As a physicist, I would
apply the physical
principles to analyze the
query . The key physical
formula is: 
and 
As a test engineer ,
I will verify if the
programmer's code
conforms to the
problem logic and give
the checked code:
[Python Code] Collaborative
reasoning
Workflow
Solution to task 
Based on the discussions, the answer is a speed
of approximately 1.53 m/s at which the motor
can lift 6 kg mass.▶ Input query 
▶ Collaboration Determination
▶ Agent Role Allocation
▶ Agent LLM Routing
▶ Collaborative ReasoningMaterials
🤔 Query/Problem 
An electric motor has a label on
it that reads: Input: 120V AC, 1.0
Amps, 60 Hz - Ef ficiency - 75%.
At what constant speed can the
motor lift up a 6 kg mass?
🤖 LLM set 
🧰 Collaboration Repo 🎭 Role pool 
Programmer
 Math  Analyst
 Physicist...
Test Engineer
Macnet(Chain)
Self-Consistency
Ensemble
... ... (Other Collaboration Modes)
LLM Debate
 Macnet(Star)
Difficulty
Measure
Agent Count Mode Prob. Distribution1 2 3 4 5 6
Collaboration Determiner: 
SC is not sufficiently effective
Debate  incurs excessive costs
Chain has achieved a balance
Agent Role & LLM Routing
Role Router: 
LLM Router :
Programmer
Math Analyst
Test EngineerPhysicistAs a mathematician, I
will follow the physicist's
analysis and perform
calculations step by step :
...
As a programmer , I will list
the code according to the
mathematician's formula to
prevent calculation errors:
[Python Code]
Output solution
The agent needs a role
to conduct an overall analysis
of this physics problem
ProgrammerMath
AnalystPhysicistTest
Engineer
gpt-4o-mini qwen-math deepseek-coder llama3
Qwen-math is instruction-tuned on
the math datasets, making it
suitable for tasks as a math analyst.Sampling per
Prob. 
Sampling per
Prob. Agents Roles LLMsFigure 2: The overall framework of our proposed MasRouter .
a strategy to jointly balance performance and cost.
The objective function is defined as:
max
P(S|Q )E (Q,a)∼D ,
S∈S∼P(S|Q )
U(S;Q, a)|{z }
Utility−λ·C(S;Q)|{z}
Cost
, (3)
where P(S|Q )represents the probability distri-
bution of Sconditioned on Q. The utility term
U(S;q, a )measures the performance of the MAS,
while the cost term C(S;q)quantifies the expected
cost ( e.g. , LLM calls, API cost, token cost). λis a
trade-off parameter.
4 MasRouter
Figure 2 illustrates the overall framework of
MasRouter . For a given query, MasRouter sam-
ples the customized components of the MAS,
through the collaboration determiner ( ▷Sec-
tion 4.1), role allocator ( ▷Section 4.2), and agent
LLM router ( ▷Section 4.3), together forming a
task-adaptive MAS S. After executing the sam-
pled MAS, MasRouter jointly optimizes the pa-
rameters of each selection module based on the
performance/cost feedback ( ▷Section 4.4).
4.1 Collaboration Mode Determination
Given a query Q, the core objective of MasRouter
is to customize an appropriate MAS from the
search space Sbased on the complexity and do-
main of the query, thereby generating a sufficiently
high-quality response:
p(a|Q) =Z
O(a|S)Fθ(S|Q )dS,S ⊂ S,(4)where Fθrepresents the controller network param-
eterized by θ, which takes Qand computes the
underlying distribution of S.O(·|·)denotes the
conditional likelihood of obtaining the solution a
by executing S.Fθis formulated as follows:
Fθ=Fθm◦Fθr◦Fθt, (5)
where Fθt:Q → T is the collaboration mode
determiner, Fθr: (Q,T)→ {R i}k
i=1 denotes
the role allocator, and Fθm: (Q,T,{R i}k
i=1)→
{M i}k
i=1 represent the LLM backbone router. In-
spired by human collaboration (Woolley et al.,
2010; Chen et al., 2023b), MasRouter first con-
structs a team management framework for the MAS
using Fθt, then recruits suitable talents and defines
the division of tasks using Fθr, and finally endows
each agent with the unique intelligence through
Fθm. For Fθt, since the relationship between col-
laborative modes and queries is generally difficult
to characterize explicitly, we employ a variational
latent model to capture their underlying semantic
associations:
Fθt(T | Q ) =Z
pg(T |H)ph(H| Q)dH,T ∈ T (6)
where ph(H|Q)denotes the prior probability distri-
bution of the latent representation, and pg(T |H)
decodes the probability of collaborative patterns,
implemented as follows:
ph(H| Q) =N(H;µt(Q),diag (σ2
t(Q))),
pg(T |H)∝exp (fT
ψ(Q)eHT
τ), τ > 0(7)
4

[Page 5]
where µt(·)and σ2
t(·)obtains the mean and vari-
ance of H, respectively, and eHT=gϕ(fψ(T),H)
embeds the relationship between the query and the
collaborative patterns into the latent space. Here,
fψ:Q → RDis a text encoder ( e.g. , Sentence-
BERT (Reimers, 2019), MiniLM (Wang et al.,
2020)) that extracts the semantic information of
the query. gϕ:RD×RD→RDproduces the
refined representation of the candidate T.
With Fθt, we have now customized the collab-
orative patterns for Q. Nevertheless, the number
of agents utilized in Tremains undetermined. We
leverage the hidden embedding of the query to de-
rive the number of agents k=⌈δ(H)·γ⌉, where
δ:RD→[0,1]is a learnable complexity mapping
function, and γis the hyperparameter representing
the maximum number of agents.
4.2 Agent Role Allocation
For a MAS S={{M i}k
i=1,{R i}k
i=1,T } , Sec-
tion 4.1 has specified Tand k. Subsequently, we
will assign the appropriate role Rito each agent
inS. Roles among different agents often have a
sequential order and interdependencies. For exam-
ple, we first need a programmer to write the code,
and then a test engineer to validate and debug it.
Correspondingly, the role allocator Fθrformalizes
role generation through a structured probabilistic
cascade:
Fθr({R i}k
i=1|Q,T) =kY
ℓ=1πrℓ(Rℓ|Q,{R j}ℓ−1
j=1,T),(8)
where πrℓdenotes the probability of generating the
ℓ-th role is based on Q, the selected T, and the
prior ℓ−1role profiles. We iteratively compute it
as follows:
πrℓ(Rℓ|Q,T,{R j}ℓ−1
j=1)∝exp (HT
Rℓ−1eHRℓ
τ),
Rℓ∈R, τ > 0,(9)
where HRℓ−1= FFN( H∥eHT∥Pℓ−1
j=1eHRj
ℓ−1)de-
notes the implicit representation of the accumu-
lated semantics from the role allocation process of
the first ℓ−1roles under the Qand T.eHRℓ=
gϕ(fψ(Rℓ),HRℓ−1)captures the dynamic features
exhibited by the current candidate role within the
context of the previously assigned roles. Through
Equation (9), MasRouter progressively determines
the roles for all agents in S. Afterward, the remain-
ing task is to provide each agent with its driving
force by routing to an appropriate LLM backbone.4.3 Agent LLM Routing
Each LLMs have its own strengths and draw-
backs (Barandoni et al., 2024), and the goal of
LLM routing is to leverage their unique capabili-
ties. For example, for mathematical problems, we
would opt for an LLM that is particularly proficient
in mathematics or one that has been specifically
fine-tuned. Therefore, we posit that assigning an
LLM to a specific agent primarily depends on the
task’s domain and difficulty, as well as their corre-
sponding role. We implement Fθmby computing
the probability of selecting M ibased on the query
and the preceding role routing. It then views the
process of LLM routing for multiple agents as a
multinomial distribution problem:
Fθm({M i}k
i=1| Q,T,{R i}k
i=1)
= k
n1,n2,...,n Nm
·NmY
ℓ=1πnℓm(M ℓ| Q,T,{R i}k
i=1),(10)
where k
n1,n2,...,n Nm
=k!
n1!n2!...n Nm!is the multi-
nomial coefficient. It represents the number of
ways to assign kagents to Nmdifferent LLMs,
with the i-th LLM selected nitimes. πmdenotes
the probability of each LLM being selected in the
global context:
πm(M ℓ|Q,T,{R i}k
i=1)∝exp (HT
MeHMℓ
τ), (11)
where HM= FFN( H∥eHT∥Pk
j=1eHj
k)aggregates
the embedding of the query, collaborative patterns,
and selected roles. eHMℓ=gϕ(fψ(M ℓ),HM)
computes the latent representation of each LLM.
Based on HM and eHMℓ, the compatibility be-
tween each LLM and the constructed system is
obtained, which is proportional to the probability
of selecting Mℓ.
As stated above, we have customized a MAS
for the query. Only one final hurdle is left be-
fore achieving end-to-end training: the number
of agents kbecomes non-differentiable due to the
rounding operation. To ensure smooth gradient
flow, we replace kwith its pre-rounded floating-
point value and approximate the multinomial coef-
ficient in Equation (10) as follows:
 k
n1,n2,...,n NM
≈Γ(δ(H)·γ+ 1)
Γ(n1+ 1)Γ( n2+ 1) ...Γ(nNM+ 1),
(12)
where Γ(·)denotes the Gamma function.
5
