# doc_02: 2311.12983v1 / part 2

Source file: 2311.12983v1.pdf

[Page 7]
a question with less than 10 annotator steps but that requires complex web navigation might be categorised
as Level 3 rather than 2. Our definition of the difficulty is validated in Section 4.
Distribution of required capabilities. While GAIA targets real-world assistant questions, we also include
tasks that could potentially benefits physically impaired people, such as finding a piece of information in a
small audio file. Finally, we make our best effort to cover various topic domains and cultures, although the
language of the dataset is restricted to English (see Section 6).
3.4 Building and extending GAIA
This subsection delves into our question design and annotation process. In particular, we discuss some
associated challenges and hope our insights will help the community building over GAIA .
Crafting questions. Our questions are created by humans5and aim to reflect realistic use cases of AI assistants.
The authors designed initial questions, and gave them as examples to annotators along with instructions
(reported in Appendix D) to create more questions. The questions were based on one or more sources of truth
that were often specified in the question to avoid ambiguity. Examples of sources of truth are trusted web
pages that have low chance to disappear anytime soon e.g. , Wikipedia, Papers With Code, or arXiv. In other
cases, the source of truth is entirely provided with the question, e.g. , an attached document. The last case
is a self-contained question, e.g. , a small puzzle. We do not specify a fixed list of sources of truth in order
to enforce question diversity and avoid memorisation. Apart from puzzles, most questions were created by
finding and potentially combining information from different sources of truth to produce a specific answer.
Once a question was created, it was also annotated, i.e. the question creator provided an answer as well as
meta-data: which tools were needed, which steps were taken, or how many time was required to answer. A
typical annotation result is presented in Table 1 (Appendix C).
Validating questions. Most of the work associated with crafting questions consists in ensuring that they are
unambiguous, i.e., there is a single correct answer. This property allows fast and factual evaluation, hence
it is crucial to maintain it. Ambiguities can be subtle and rarely obvious to the creator of a question. For
example, a question is ambiguous if it does not specify a version for a web page while the information needed
to answer the question is different in other versions. We therefore asked two new annotators to independently
answer each question. If the original annotator and the two new annotators arrived at the same answer,
the question was validated. Questions on which annotators disagreed generally only required a simple fix,
but were removed otherwise. For this reason, question creation can hardly be automated while keeping the
interest and variety of questions high. We report statistics on this validation phase in Table 3 (Appendix C).
68% of the questions were good as is, while the rest had to be corrected or removed. While the questions are
conceptually simple, annotators might do inadvertent mistakes: we estimate the annotator’s success rate to
be 92% when aggregated on all levels of difficulty, and report this as the human score for GAIA . It is close to
perfect, demonstrating that GAIA is simple for non experts. We estimate the creation of a question, including
its validation by two supplementary annotators and potential repairs, to require two hours of annotator time.
Challenges associated to relying on the web. Designing questions can be delicate when a source of truth is
hosted on the web. First, the evidence might change over time. For example, a Wikipedia article could be
updated between the moment the question is created and the moment it is asked to an AI assistant, potentially
removing the evidence required to answer. For such questions, it is often important to specify a version of
the evidence, such as the page’s date. In practice, we find our benchmark to be robust to these changes
since we try to rely as much as possible on evidence that will likely pass the test of time. Second, some
website owners wish to prevent access to parts or totality of their website from bots via their robots.txt files.
While this is rather a demand than a constraint, it is obviously desirable to comply. For example, OpenAI
provides instruction to website owners wishing to forbid access to GPT4 on how to modify their robots.txt
accordingly. Hence, we verify that accessing the part of the website hosting the evidence is not restricted.
5More precisely, in a collaboration between our teams and compensated annotators from Surge AI.
7

[Page 8]
4 LLMs results on GAIA
Evaluating LLMs with GAIA only requires the ability to prompt the model, i.e an API access. We use a
prefix prompt before asking the model a question. To ease answer extraction, we specify a format in the prefix
prompt, see Figure 2. We evaluate GPT4 (OpenAI, 2023) with and without plugins,6as well as AutoGPT7
with GPT4 as backend. GPT4 currently requires to manually select plugins (see paragraph below). On the
contrary, AutoGPT is able to do this selection automatically. Our non-LLM baselines are human annotators,
and web search. For the latter, we type our questions in a search engine and check whether the answer can be
deducted from the first page of results. This allows us to assess whether the answer to our questions can
easily be found on the web or not. Whenever an API is available, we run the model three times and report
the average results.
GPT4 plugins. As opposed to GPT4, there is currently no API for GPT4 with plugins, and we resort to
manual ChatGPT queries. At the time of the writing, the user has to manually choose between an Advanced
Data Analysis mode—with code execution and file reading capabilities—, and a set of at most three third
party plugins. We use either the first mode or select third parties plugins according to our best guess of the
most important capabilities given the task. We often rely on (i) a tool for reading various types of links, (ii) a
web browsing tool, and (iii) a tool for computation. Sadly, it is currently not possible to use a stable set of
plugins over some period of time as plugins often change or disappear from the store. Similarly, the official
search tool for GPT4 was removed as it could possibly circumvent paywalls, before being recently brought
back. Therefore, our score for GPT4 with plugins is an “oracle” estimate of GPT4 potential with more stable
and automatically selected plugins rather than an easily reproducible result.
0102030405060708090Score (%)
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3LLMs, Human and Search engine scores and time to answer for GAIA
101
102
103Time to answer (sec)
Search engine
GPT-4GPT-4 Turbo
AutoGPT-4GPT-4 Plugins (set by humans)
Human
Figure 4 Scores and time to answer per method and level. As stated in the main text, GPT4 + plugins score should
be seen as an oracle since the plugins were chosen manually depending on the question. Human score refers to the
score obtained by our annotators when validating the questions.
Results. Our evaluation can be found in Figure 4, with more details in Table 4 (Appendix D.1). Our proposed
levels of difficulty, loosely defined in terms of number of steps and number of different capabilities used, are
correlated with the performance of current models, strengthening their validity. While humans excel at all
levels, current best LLMs do poorly. Overall, GAIA allows to clearly rank capable assistants, while leaving a
lot of room for improvement in the coming months and perhaps years.
6https://openai.com/blog/chatgpt-plugins
7https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT , git hash of the AutoGPT version evaluated:
ed172dec1947466cc0942abf75bb77b027cd433d .
8

[Page 9]
Diverse filetype readingN/A
Web browsingCoding
Multi-modality0.0000.0250.0500.0750.1000.1250.1500.1750.200Score (%)Score of LLMs per capability at Level 1
GPT4 AutoGPT4 GPT4Turbo GPT4 + pluginsFigure 5 Score of various LLMs at Level 1 per capability. Non
zero scores for non tool models for “Diverse filetype reading” and
“Multi-modality” are due to tasks that can be solved differently
from the way the annotators did. Non zero scores for non tool
models for web browsing are mostly due to correct memorization
of information required to complete intermediate steps.Web search by humans might return textual
results from which the correct answer can be
deducted for Level 1, yet does not work when
it comes to slightly more complex queries,
and is also slightly slower than a typical LLM
assistant since the user has to skim through
the first search results. This confirms the
potential of LLM assistants as competitors
for search engines.
The discrepancy between GPT4 results with-
out plugins and the others demonstrate that
augmenting LLMs via tool APIs or access to
the web improves answer accuracy, and un-
lock many new use cases, confirming the
huge potential of this research direction.
In particular, GPT4 + plugins exhibit be-
haviours such as backtracking or query re-
finement when the result is not satisfying,
and relatively long plan execution. We pro-
vide examples of such behaviours in Ap-
pendix D.1. The discrepancy with humans
suggests the work needed to fully unlock this
potential.
AutoGPT4, which allows GPT4 to automatically use tools, offer disappointing results for Level 2, and even
Level 1 compared to GPT4 without plugins. This discrepancy might come from the way AutoGPT4 relies
on the GPT4 API (prompt and generation parameters) and will require new evaluation in the near future.
AutoGPT4 is also slow compared to other LLMs. Overall, the collaboration between a human and GPT4
with plugins seem to offer the best ratio of score versus time needed so far.
Figure 5 shows the scores obtained by the models splitted per capability. Unsurprisingly, GPT4 cannot deal
with files and multi-modality, yet manages to solve questions for which annotators used web browsing, mostly
because it properly memorised pieces of information that need to be combined to get the answer.
5 Discussion
Designing GAIA led us to think about current and future paradigm of AI systems evaluation.
Reproducibility for closed-source assistants. The capabilities of models closed behind APIs might change over
time (Chen et al., 2023), making an evaluation done at some point in time not reproducible. The problem can
be even worse: for example, ChatGPT plugins and their capabilities change regularly, and are not accessible
through ChatGPT’s API yet. Reproducibility could become even more elusive since static benchmarks might
disappear in favour of benchmarks that decay through time due to their reliance on the real world. GAIA is
however robust to the randomness of token generation since only the final answer, that admits a single correct
response, is evaluated.
Static versus dynamic benchmarks. Much like other complex expert datasets, GAIA currently comes with
hundreds of questions that have been carefully curated and selected. By comparison, a more massive benchmark
such as MMLU has close to 15,000. Yet, MMLU consists of multiple choice questions hence is seemingly
easier than our open questions. Questions that admit a single correct answer require care, and we preferred to
favour quality over quantity. Moreover, we hope that our insights on question design will help the community
to add more questions. GAIA is indeed likely to decay over time, be it via (i) catastrophic contamination of
pre-training data or (ii) disappearance from the web of some information required to answer the questions.
We are confident that the various mitigations we provide for these problems will help maintaining GAIA
relevant until it is solved. Static benchmarks are broken benchmarks in the making, and making GAIA evolve
9

[Page 10]
year-by-year through the removal of broken questions and the addition of new ones might be an important
component to better assess the generalization and robustness of AI systems.
Towards unified evaluation of generative models. Many GAIA tasks might be solved by calling modules that
could yield errors e.g. an image classifier returning the wrong label. One could argue this makes evaluation
ambiguous since it considers the system as a whole and does not attribute errors to sub-parts e.g. the web
browsing or vision modules. However, the paradigm of coupling LLMs with external tools for every task
beyond text understanding might not last. For example, future models might bend towards more integration
between the LLM and other capabilities as in vision-language models (Alayrac et al., 2022; Lauren¸ con et al.,
2023). GAIA aims at evaluating AI systems rather than the current architectural standard. More generally,
automatic, factual, and interpretable evaluation of complex generations is a long lasting problem in generative
AI, another important example being images (Stein et al., 2023). Hu et al. (2023) make a step in that direction,
yet rely on model-based evaluation and simple questions. Moving forward, the conjugation of multi-modal
systems with GAIA might further improve advanced generative models evaluation e.g. image generators,
via tasks requiring a complex sequence of image modifications and asking an unambiguous question on the
resulting image in natural language. The answer could be found only if the modifications have been correctly
applied by the model to the original image.
Partial versus full automation. While partial automation of a process still requires humans in the loop,
full automation completely removes that need. Systems that respectively allow partial automation and full
automation can be as close as a few percentage of error on a given task—the former would have say 1%
and the latter 0%—, yet yield these two fundamentally different paradigms. Full automation is a goal that
deep learning has been striving to achieve, without complete success to date: in spite of state-of-art results
in various domains, most neural networks based systems can unpredictably fail e.g in common situations,
impeding the advent of technologies such as self-driving cars. Solving GAIA requires full automation since
no approximation is allowed in the answer. Full automation of more human activities will reshape our
socio-economic landscape (Growiec, 2022), with the risk that the added value is mainly captured by the owner
of the technology instead of human workers. This is a grounded argument in favour of open-source.
6 Limitations
While GAIA attempts to circumvent current pitfalls of LLM benchmarks, some limitation remains.
Missing evaluations. In its current form, GAIA does not evaluate the trace leading to the answer. Indeed,
as opposed to the ground truth which is unique, different paths could lead to the correct answer and there is
no obvious and simple ways to grade those, while we prioritized easiness of use for GAIA . Going forward,
human and model-based evaluations, albeit limited, are interesting options to evaluate the plans, and could
be quite convenient since (i) our questions rarely require expert knowledge, thus alleviating the need to find
specialized annotators, and (ii) the judge can rely on the ground truth: it is often faster to verify than to
independently derive the answer. We leave the addition of human and model-based evaluation for future work.
Finally, we only evaluate the strongest available LLMs that have access to tools hence are able to obtain
informative scores. However, OpenAI’s API does not provide the detailed log of tool calls yet, which would be
required for fine-grained analysis. We look forward to add other models with sufficient tool using capabilities
and logging, especially in open source.
On the cost of designing unambiguous questions. The price to pay for a real-world yet easy to use benchmark
corresponds to making sure the questions are unambiguous. We find that two rounds of annotations are
required, a first annotator making their best effort to design an unambiguous question—wich takes more time
than e.g. ranking two different generations for RLHF—, and two supplementary annotators independently
answering the question and disambiguating it if necessary. In spite of this thorough process, possible
ambiguities remain. However, the annotation cost is fixed and probably small compared to the potential
cost of multiple untrustworthy evaluations. A question might be ambiguous for a perfectly logical computer
yet not ambiguous for humans: this is not a problem since we want AI systems to be aligned with human
preferences. We believe human annotators are currently essential to have diverse and grounded questions,
as opposed to programmatically generated ones. A similar argument is made in Chollet (2019). One could
however synthetically generate GAIA-like data by relaxing the unambiguity constraint, e.g. for training
purpose. Additionally, some GAIA questions come with many details hence seem unnatural: these details
10

[Page 11]
ensure the question admits only one correct answer and are therefore necessary. In practice, a user would ask
an under-specified question, and a useful assistant would answer by citing its sources or keeping the most
trustworthy one. Both are difficult to factually evaluate, and we leave that aspect for future work.
Lack of linguistic and cultural diversity. A big limitation of GAIA is its lack of language diversity: all
questions are asked in “standard” English only, and many questions mostly rely on English web pages. This
benchmark will therefore not validate the usefulness of assistants for non-English speakers (80% of the global
world population), their usefulness on the non English-speaking web (about half of its content), nor on any
sort of dialectal variation of English. As such, GAIA is only a first step to estimate the potential of AI
assistants, but should not be seen as an absolute general proof of their success. We hope to fill this gap in
future work or through community involvement.
7 Acknowledgements
The authors would like to thank Nicolas Usunier for suggesting the web search baseline, Edwin Chen for
helping us improve our unusual protocol for annotators, Yacine Jernite for sharing his insights on diversity
when benchmark building, and Sasha Luccioni for taking the time to proofread some sections where proper
English was eluding us.
References
Jean-Baptiste Alayrac, Jeff Donahue, Pauline Luc, Antoine Miech, Iain Barr, Yana Hasson, Karel Lenc, Arthur
Mensch, Katherine Millican, Malcolm Reynolds, Roman Ring, Eliza Rutherford, Serkan Cabi, Tengda Han,
Zhitao Gong, Sina Samangooei, Marianne Monteiro, Jacob Menick, Sebastian Borgeaud, Andrew Brock, Aida
Nematzadeh, Sahand Sharifzadeh, Mikolaj Binkowski, Ricardo Barreira, Oriol Vinyals, Andrew Zisserman, and
Karen Simonyan. Flamingo: a visual language model for few-shot learning. In Alice H. Oh, Alekh Agarwal,
Danielle Belgrave, and Kyunghyun Cho, editors, Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems , 2022. URL
https://openreview.net/forum?id=EbMuimAbPbs .
Rohan Anil, Andrew M. Dai, Orhan Firat, Melvin Johnson, Dmitry Lepikhin, Alexandre Passos, Siamak Shakeri,
Emanuel Taropa, Paige Bailey, Zhifeng Chen, Eric Chu, Jonathan H. Clark, Laurent El Shafey, Yanping Huang,
Kathy Meier-Hellstern, Gaurav Mishra, Erica Moreira, Mark Omernick, Kevin Robinson, Sebastian Ruder, Yi Tay,
Kefan Xiao, Yuanzhong Xu, Yujing Zhang, Gustavo Hernandez Abrego, Junwhan Ahn, Jacob Austin, Paul Barham,
Jan Botha, James Bradbury, Siddhartha Brahma, Kevin Brooks, Michele Catasta, Yong Cheng, Colin Cherry,
Christopher A. Choquette-Choo, Aakanksha Chowdhery, Cl´ ement Crepy, Shachi Dave, Mostafa Dehghani, Sunipa
Dev, Jacob Devlin, Mark D´ ıaz, Nan Du, Ethan Dyer, Vlad Feinberg, Fangxiaoyu Feng, Vlad Fienber, Markus
Freitag, Xavier Garcia, Sebastian Gehrmann, Lucas Gonzalez, Guy Gur-Ari, Steven Hand, Hadi Hashemi, Le Hou,
Joshua Howland, Andrea Hu, Jeffrey Hui, Jeremy Hurwitz, Michael Isard, Abe Ittycheriah, Matthew Jagielski,
Wenhao Jia, Kathleen Kenealy, Maxim Krikun, Sneha Kudugunta, Chang Lan, Katherine Lee, Benjamin Lee, Eric
Li, Music Li, Wei Li, YaGuang Li, Jian Li, Hyeontaek Lim, Hanzhao Lin, Zhongtao Liu, Frederick Liu, Marcello
Maggioni, Aroma Mahendru, Joshua Maynez, Vedant Misra, Maysam Moussalem, Zachary Nado, John Nham, Eric
Ni, Andrew Nystrom, Alicia Parrish, Marie Pellat, Martin Polacek, Alex Polozov, Reiner Pope, Siyuan Qiao, Emily
Reif, Bryan Richter, Parker Riley, Alex Castro Ros, Aurko Roy, Brennan Saeta, Rajkumar Samuel, Renee Shelby,
Ambrose Slone, Daniel Smilkov, David R. So, Daniel Sohn, Simon Tokumine, Dasha Valter, Vijay Vasudevan, Kiran
Vodrahalli, Xuezhi Wang, Pidong Wang, Zirui Wang, Tao Wang, John Wieting, Yuhuai Wu, Kelvin Xu, Yunhan Xu,
Linting Xue, Pengcheng Yin, Jiahui Yu, Qiao Zhang, Steven Zheng, Ce Zheng, Weikang Zhou, Denny Zhou, Slav
Petrov, and Yonghui Wu. Palm 2 technical report, 2023.
Anthropic. Model card and evaluations for claude models, 2023. URL https://www-files.anthropic.com/
production/images/Model-Card-Claude-2.pdf .
Emily M. Bender and Batya Friedman. Data statements for natural language processing: Toward mitigating system
bias and enabling better science. Transactions of the Association for Computational Linguistics , 6:587–604, 2018.
URL https://aclanthology.org/Q18-1041 .
Tom B. Brown, Benjamin Mann, Nick Ryder, Melanie Subbiah, Jared Kaplan, Prafulla Dhariwal, Arvind Neelakantan,
Pranav Shyam, Girish Sastry, Amanda Askell, Sandhini Agarwal, Ariel Herbert-Voss, Gretchen Krueger, Tom
Henighan, Rewon Child, Aditya Ramesh, Daniel M. Ziegler, Jeffrey Wu, Clemens Winter, Christopher Hesse, Mark
11

[Page 12]
Chen, Eric Sigler, Mateusz Litwin, Scott Gray, Benjamin Chess, Jack Clark, Christopher Berner, Sam McCandlish,
Alec Radford, Ilya Sutskever, and Dario Amodei. Language models are few-shot learners, 2020.
Chi-Min Chan, Weize Chen, Yusheng Su, Jianxuan Yu, Wei Xue, Shanghang Zhang, Jie Fu, and Zhiyuan Liu. ChatEval:
Towards Better LLM-based Evaluators through Multi-Agent Debate, August 2023.
Harrison Chase. LangChain, October 2022.
Lingjiao Chen, Matei Zaharia, and James Zou. How is chatgpt’s behavior changing over time?, 2023.
Fran¸ cois Chollet. On the measure of intelligence, 2019.
Karl Cobbe, Vineet Kosaraju, Mohammad Bavarian, Mark Chen, Heewoo Jun, Lukasz Kaiser, Matthias Plappert,
Jerry Tworek, Jacob Hilton, Reiichiro Nakano, Christopher Hesse, and John Schulman. Training verifiers to solve
math word problems, 2021.
Cynthia Dwork and Moni Naor. Pricing via processing or combatting junk mail. In Ernest F. Brickell, editor,
Advances in Cryptology — CRYPTO’ 92 , pages 139–147, Berlin, Heidelberg, 1993. Springer Berlin Heidelberg. ISBN
978-3-540-48071-6.
Difei Gao, Lei Ji, Luowei Zhou, Kevin Qinghong Lin, Joya Chen, Zihan Fan, and Mike Zheng Shou. AssistGPT: A
General Multi-modal Assistant that can Plan, Execute, Inspect, and Learn, June 2023.
Leo Gao, Jonathan Tow, Stella Biderman, Sid Black, Anthony DiPofi, Charles Foster, Laurence Golding, Jeffrey
Hsu, Kyle McDonell, Niklas Muennighoff, Jason Phang, Laria Reynolds, Eric Tang, Anish Thite, Ben Wang,
Kevin Wang, and Andy Zou. A framework for few-shot language model evaluation, September 2021. URL
https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5371628 .
Yingqiang Ge, Wenyue Hua, Kai Mei, Jianchao Ji, Juntao Tan, Shuyuan Xu, Zelong Li, and Yongfeng Zhang. Openagi:
When llm meets domain experts, 2023.
Jakub Growiec. Automation, partial and full. Macroeconomic Dynamics , 26(7):1731–1755, 2022.
Dan Hendrycks, Collin Burns, Steven Basart, Andy Zou, Mantas Mazeika, Dawn Song, and Jacob Steinhardt. Measuring
massive multitask language understanding. In International Conference on Learning Representations , 2021.
Sirui Hong, Xiawu Zheng, Jonathan Chen, Yuheng Cheng, Jinlin Wang, Ceyao Zhang, Zili Wang, Steven Ka Shing
Yau, Zijuan Lin, Liyang Zhou, Chenyu Ran, Lingfeng Xiao, and Chenglin Wu. MetaGPT: Meta Programming for
Multi-Agent Collaborative Framework, August 2023.
Yushi Hu, Benlin Liu, Jungo Kasai, Yizhong Wang, Mari Ostendorf, Ranjay Krishna, and Noah A Smith. Tifa: Accurate
and interpretable text-to-image faithfulness evaluation with question answering. arXiv preprint arXiv:2303.11897 ,
2023.
Markus Jakobsson and Ari Juels. Proofs of Work and Bread Pudding Protocols(Extended Abstract) , pages 258–
272. Springer US, Boston, MA, 1999. ISBN 978-0-387-35568-9. doi: 10.1007/978-0-387-35568-9 18. URL
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-0-387-35568-9_18 .
Douwe Kiela, Tristan Thrush, Kawin Ethayarajh, and Amanpreet Singh. Plotting progress in ai. Contextual AI Blog ,
2023. https://contextual.ai/blog/plotting-progress.
Hugo Lauren¸ con, Lucile Saulnier, L´ eo Tronchon, Stas Bekman, Amanpreet Singh, Anton Lozhkov, Thomas Wang,
Siddharth Karamcheti, Alexander M. Rush, Douwe Kiela, Matthieu Cord, and Victor Sanh. Obelics: An open
web-scale filtered dataset of interleaved image-text documents, 2023.
Guohao Li, Hasan Abed Al Kader Hammoud, Hani Itani, Dmitrii Khizbullin, and Bernard Ghanem. CAMEL:
Communicative Agents for ”Mind” Exploration of Large Scale Language Model Society, March 2023a.
Minghao Li, Feifan Song, Bowen Yu, Haiyang Yu, Zhoujun Li, Fei Huang, and Yongbin Li. API-Bank: A Benchmark
for Tool-Augmented LLMs, April 2023b.
Minghao Li, Feifan Song, Bowen Yu, Haiyang Yu, Zhoujun Li, Fei Huang, and Yongbin Li. Api-bank: A benchmark
for tool-augmented llms, 2023c.
Percy Liang, Rishi Bommasani, Tony Lee, Dimitris Tsipras, Dilara Soylu, Michihiro Yasunaga, Yian Zhang, Deepak
Narayanan, Yuhuai Wu, Ananya Kumar, Benjamin Newman, Binhang Yuan, Bobby Yan, Ce Zhang, Christian
Cosgrove, Christopher D. Manning, Christopher R´ e, Diana Acosta-Navas, Drew A. Hudson, Eric Zelikman, Esin
Durmus, Faisal Ladhak, Frieda Rong, Hongyu Ren, Huaxiu Yao, Jue Wang, Keshav Santhanam, Laurel Orr,
Lucia Zheng, Mert Yuksekgonul, Mirac Suzgun, Nathan Kim, Neel Guha, Niladri Chatterji, Omar Khattab, Peter
12
